README.md, before:

# [ServerStatus Theme CR](https://github.com/LufsX/ServerStatus-Theme-CR)

这是一个基于 Next.js 和 TailwindCSS 开发的 ServerStatus 主题

This is a ServerStatus theme developed using Next.js and TailwindCSS

## 简介 Description

已验证正常使用的 ServerStatus 数据源

The ServerStatus data source has been verified for normal use

- [zdz/ServerStatus-Rust](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust)
- [cppla/ServerStatus](https://github.com/cppla/ServerStatus)

> 建议使用 [ServerStatus-Rust](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust) 作为数据源，展示的信息更多
>
> Suggested to use [ServerStatus-Rust](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust) as the data source, which provides more information

## 预览 Preview

[在线预览](https://sstcr.isteed.cc) | [Online Preview](https://serverstatus-theme-cr.vercel.app)

## 特性 Features

- 使用 Next.js 和 TailwindCSS 开发
- 响应式设计，适配桌面和移动设备
- 支持卡片和列表布局切换
- 支持多语言
- 支持精简显示模式
- 支持 CPU 占用率图表显示
- 支持基于节点和状态筛选服务器
- 支持通过环境变量设置 API 地址
- 支持深色模式和浅色模式自动/手动切换
- 支持生成一键部署命令（仅适用于 [zdz/ServerStatus-Rust](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust) 实现）

---

- Used Next.js and TailwindCSS for development
- Responsive design, compatible with desktop and mobile devices
- Supports switching between card and list layouts
- Supports multiple languages
- Supports compact display mode
- Supports CPU usage chart display
- Supports filtering servers by node and status
- Supports setting API address through environment variables
- Supports automatic/manual switching between dark mode and light mode
- Supports generating one-click deployment commands (Only for [zdz/ServerStatus-Rust](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust))

## 使用 Usage

若 ServerStatus API 地址公开访问且设置好了跨域访问（不在意地址暴露的话），可直接部署到 Vercel 平台

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FLufsX%2FServerStatus-Theme-CR&env=NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL)

---

编译好的静态文件见 [Release 页面](https://github.com/LufsX/ServerStatus-Theme-CR/releases)，下载并替换掉原有主题即可，或是可以通过反向代理挂载主题

具体可见 [ServerStatus#6.FAQ](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust#6-faq)

---

If the ServerStatus API address is publicly accessible and CORS is set up (if you don't mind the address being exposed), you can deploy it directly to the Vercel platform

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FLufsX%2FServerStatus-Theme-CR&env=NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL)

---

The compiled static files can be found in the [Release page](https://github.com/LufsX/ServerStatus-Theme-CR/releases), download and replace the original theme, or you can mount the theme through reverse proxy

For details, see [ServerStatus#6.FAQ](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust#6-faq)

## 环境变量 Environment Variables

### NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL

设置对应的 ServerStatus API 地址

---

Set the corresponding ServerStatus API address.

```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL=https://your-serverstatus-api.com
```

### NEXT_PUBLIC_HIDE_ONE_CLICK_DEPLOY

控制是否隐藏一键部署功能

---

Control whether to hide the one-click deployment feature.

```bash
# 隐藏一键部署功能
NEXT_PUBLIC_HIDE_ONE_CLICK_DEPLOY=true
```

## 其它 Other

### 开发 Development

```bash
pnpm i
pnpm dev
```

### 构建 Build

```bash
pnpm build
```

### 待办 To-Do

- [x] 支持排序
- [x] 添加精简显示
- [x] 添加 CPU 图表
- [x] 添加 i18n 支持

Commit message:

docs: update README and settings.ts

README.md, after:

# [ServerStatus Theme CR](https://github.com/LufsX/ServerStatus-Theme-CR)

这是一个基于 Next.js 和 TailwindCSS 开发的 ServerStatus 主题

This is a ServerStatus theme developed using Next.js and TailwindCSS

## 简介 Description

已验证正常使用的 ServerStatus 数据源

The ServerStatus data source has been verified for normal use

- [zdz/ServerStatus-Rust](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust)
- [cppla/ServerStatus](https://github.com/cppla/ServerStatus)

> 建议使用 [ServerStatus-Rust](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust) 作为数据源，展示的信息更多
>
> Suggested to use [ServerStatus-Rust](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust) as the data source, which provides more information

## 预览 Preview

[在线预览](https://sstcr.isteed.cc) | [Online Preview](https://serverstatus-theme-cr.vercel.app)

## 特性 Features

- 使用 Next.js 和 TailwindCSS 开发
- 响应式设计，适配桌面和移动设备
- 支持卡片和列表布局切换
- 支持多语言
- 支持精简显示模式
- 支持 CPU 占用率图表显示
- 支持基于节点和状态筛选服务器
- 支持通过环境变量设置 API 地址
- 支持深色模式和浅色模式自动/手动切换
- 支持生成一键部署命令（仅适用于 [zdz/ServerStatus-Rust](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust) 实现）

---

- Used Next.js and TailwindCSS for development
- Responsive design, compatible with desktop and mobile devices
- Supports switching between card and list layouts
- Supports multiple languages
- Supports compact display mode
- Supports CPU usage chart display
- Supports filtering servers by node and status
- Supports setting API address through environment variables
- Supports automatic/manual switching between dark mode and light mode
- Supports generating one-click deployment commands (Only for [zdz/ServerStatus-Rust](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust))

## 使用 Usage

若 ServerStatus API 地址公开访问且设置好了跨域访问（不在意地址暴露的话），可直接部署到 Vercel 平台

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FLufsX%2FServerStatus-Theme-CR&env=NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL)

---

编译好的静态文件见 [Release 页面](https://github.com/LufsX/ServerStatus-Theme-CR/releases)，下载并替换掉原有主题即可，或是可以通过反向代理挂载主题

具体可见 [ServerStatus#6.FAQ](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust#6-faq)

---

If the ServerStatus API address is publicly accessible and CORS is set up (if you don't mind the address being exposed), you can deploy it directly to the Vercel platform

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FLufsX%2FServerStatus-Theme-CR&env=NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL)

---

The compiled static files can be found in the [Release page](https://github.com/LufsX/ServerStatus-Theme-CR/releases), download and replace the original theme, or you can mount the theme through reverse proxy

For details, see [ServerStatus#6.FAQ](https://github.com/zdz/ServerStatus-Rust#6-faq)

## 环境变量 Environment Variables

### NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL

设置对应的 ServerStatus API 地址

---

Set the corresponding ServerStatus API address

```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL=https://your-serverstatus-api.com
```

### NEXT_PUBLIC_HIDE_ONE_CLICK_DEPLOY

控制是否隐藏一键部署功能

---

Control whether to hide the one-click deployment feature

```bash
# 隐藏一键部署功能
NEXT_PUBLIC_HIDE_ONE_CLICK_DEPLOY=true
```

## 默认设置 Default Settings

可以通过修改 [`settings.ts`](https://github.com/LufsX/ServerStatus-Theme-CR/blob/main/app/setting/settings.ts)中的 `DEFAULT_SETTINGS` 来自定义默认设置

---

You can customize the default settings by modifying the `DEFAULT_SETTINGS` object in [`settings.ts`](https://github.com/LufsX/ServerStatus-Theme-CR/blob/main/app/setting/settings.ts)

## 其它 Other

### 开发 Development

```bash
pnpm i
pnpm dev
```

### 构建 Build

```bash
pnpm build
```

### 待办 To-Do

- [x] 支持排序
- [x] 添加精简显示
- [x] 添加 CPU 图表
- [x] 添加 i18n 支持
